There we go.
They broke up.
Our day is coming
Do not touch me
String, you still don't believe me
Sister Chen and I are really playing on the scene
and
It's not because we've been put off by Tang's
Good this time
You bring me in an Asian producer
As long as I participate in Du Xinghe's independent film
We can soar
Sword sword this is all my cash
Just bet this time, then you can't lie to me in the future
Of course. Let's go. Hmm.
Zhou Yuchen, what do you want to die for?
Mr. Lu, forgive me, Mr. Lu
Mr. Lu knows the wrong person
That person is back
The producer said
Let me take you to see Director Du first
It didn't go to waste, did it?
But I heard that this Director Du
Winning numerous awards abroad
Very bad temper
Be careful what you say
That's necessary
Tang Yang, go back and talk
This male protagonist character Tang Yang will definitely be sensible
Anyway.
It must not be cheap, Tang poetry
How did Tang Yao get caught in Luquan water?
Found the next home so soon
Well, do you know who that is?
He was double-dealing.
see color
The best thing is to pretend to be a pig and eat the building
Be careful to be gnawed until there are no bones left
It's your turn to make irresponsible remarks
How dare you splash me
Do you know who I am?
I'm Song Yuchuan, you are a newcomer, so brave
Believe it or not, I'll let you back in minutes.